Hi.
So let's continue.
So as of now, we have created our cluster and we have 2 instances in the cluster and both are running
in the private subnet.
We have also created our application load balancer.
Now let's start doing the rest part.
So coming back here, click on this application load balancer.
And under task definition, I'm going to create a new task.
Launch type EC2 next step.
And task definition name I'm giving.
nginx web application.
And here I'm giving.
20 number and this is the task role and this under network mode, I'm going to choose bridge task execution
role, the one which is already created.
I'm going to choose that one.
And then click on this add container, container name.
I'm giving this.
nginx web app 20, image I'm giving nginx and I want latest.
And this time I'm going to choose soft limit and I'm giving 400.
And port mapping.
I want dynamic port mapping.
So that's why I've chosen 0 here and 80 and then click on ADD.
And finally, I'm going to take all default options.
So my this task has been created.
And here you can see under this task definition.
So friends that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I'm going to create a service.
And in the service, I'm going to define this task.